# DepondFi '24

🔗https://sites.google.com/view/depondfi24

## Problem Statement

DePondFi'24 aims to detect fish key points from underwater images captured in real-time pond environment. Fish key point detection supports the intelligent aquaculture system in fish identification and biomass estimation. In today's maritime era, aquaculture stands as a cornerstone of our nation's economic vitality. Fish biomass estimation is a significant challenge faced by the aquaculture industry. Hence, aquafarms are highly in need of smart intelligent systems to estimate the fish mass automatically. Intelligent system requires fish key point detection in underwater images as the first step for Fish biomass estimation. Fish key point detection refers to the identification and localization of specific anatomical landmarks or key points on fish bodies. These key points could include features such as the eye, dorsal fin, anal fin, and tail. However, this task poses significant challenges due to the complex underwater environment, including varying lighting conditions, water turbidity, fish occlusions, and diverse fish species. The objective of this challenge is to develop robust computer vision algorithms capable of accurately detecting fish key points in underwater images captured in wild environments. Key points provide valuable information about fish biomass, behavior, health, and growth, aiding in disease detection, feeding optimization, and overall aquaculture management. Improving the efficiency and efficacy of aquaculture monitoring directly supports the objective of SDG 14. SDG14: Improving the efficiency and efficacy of aquaculture monitoring directly aligns with Sustainable Development Goal 14(SDG 14), which focuses on conserving and sustainably using the oceans, seas and marine resources.
